Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?

- Library class: I overloaded the addTitle method and the checkOut method. I overloaded the addTitle method because it is important to add an author when adding books to a library. Some books have the same title and typically libraries sort by the author and not the title. I thought this was an important feature to add. Additionally, I overloaded the addTitle method again byadding the ISBN to each book. It is important to have an ISBN number for when you want to search up a specific book and maybe you want a certain verison of that book (maybe an exlusive limited edition version, or a hardback copy). So adding an ISBN number will make it easier to search for and find the exact copy of a book someone wants. It also makes it easier to scan when checking out books or returning books if that is a feature I would want to implement later on. 

- The Cafe class overloads the sellCoffee method by setting a default amount of sugar and cream if the user doesn't specify how much sugar and cream they want in their coffee. I also overloaded the constructor by adding two new parameters, opening time and closing time. This is important because cafes don't stay open 24/7. Customers should only be able to buy coffee during opening times. 

- The House class overloads the constuctor by adding a roomsAvailable attribute. This is important because houses don't have an infinite number of rooms so an infinite number of students can't keep moving in, there needs to be some sort of limit based on the amount of rooms available in the house. Also Smith is very unique in that some houses are as small as 10 people and some houses are as big as 100 people, so it's important make this a distinguishing factor when constructing the houses. I also overloaded the moveIn method, so that reisdents can only move in if there are rooms available. This method will throw an exception if the house is full. Lastly, as one person moves in, the amount of rooms available decreases and if one peerson moves out the amount of rooms available increases. 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
What worked was starting this assignment early, especially because I actually had a few questions about overriding and overloading methods and constructors. I was a little bit confused by the differences between these two concepts. I think it was important that I got clairty on what distunghies these two concepts, and then I was able to proceed by implementing it in my code. So the advice I would give to future students is that before you start working on the code, make sure you understand the concept clearly because that will make it easier when you actually code because you will understand what the output needs to be and why you are doing things in that specific way. 
